first there should be two options admin and user when i press admin it should be able to go to admin login page after login is suceesful using the default credentials. then admin should be redirected to admin dash board 
where he have serveral options 1.users page, where he can view all users and all their profile data,2.active users where he can see all the active  user and their information
3. books, where he can add book and he press addbook option he should be able to upload all according to  book collection details.4. reviews option where admin can see the latest reviews on book and rating given on that particular book and rating given by users wise ,5. usert liked books there we can see user wise their liked books ,5. readlist where user added the book to readlist should be able to see user wise.readslist 6.logout when pressed admin should be logged out 

for user at start if user is selected they should redirected to admin login page, after they enter credentials and login they should be able if user exists if user doest exit he should be redirected to adminregister page to register as an user. In that user should eneer fields like name,email,password after entering those details it should be able to login.it should be redircted to home page where there should be a navbar with home ,where he can see books and when pressed on books in a gird box. he with a cover photo and avergae name of the book and average rating.when pressed on books it should open details book image,book name, average rating ,rating and comments of other users  and add to readlist option where user can add that book into readlist  and another option named  likedbooks where he can add that book into likedbboks,next when user press the option named "rateandcomment". user should be asked 3 question on that book which is set by the admin. if user answered that correctly then only he should be able to rate and comment on that book. now navbar should also have options like home and readlist option when pressed it should redirect to the page where he can see the readlist selected books .and another is likedbooks option when  pressed it should be redirected to the page where user can his liked books list. another option commentedbooks option when pressed it should be redirected to the page of where hec can see on whiuch book the suer commented and rated and what they commented and rated for that book. next another option is logout when pressed he should be able to logout